1. status update from admin panel
2. price input from admin panel
3. option for user to delete account
4. status background gree, yellow, red according to the current status
5. if a user selects wrong file type, it should show some error
6. address of a user if not null then should not show while selling or donating the product



1. User can upload a total of 3 images of thier device
2. User must be able to delete their account
3. Email for resetting the password
4. 


user must be able to confirm 
give users some random days time 
generate a PDF receipt



Order placed: Hey Gayatri,
your order(2021528) Has been placed Successfully. Our executive will reach  by  you in  1- 3 Working Days.

Regards, 
E sanchay
Happy shopping



Hey Gayatri,
Order Picked: We've picked up your order for id XXXX528  from our end .

You can expect your money in next 48 hrs






22 July 2022 - Meeting 1
    NS :    A meeting was held to decide a topic for our project. 
            Each member had thought on a topic and was discussed in the meeting.
            The topics were noted down by scrum master
[this is for all the members]

27 July Meeting 2
NS :    The team collectively short listed the topics and a topic was decided - E Waste Management
        This topic was proposed by Krupa. Some functionalities were discussed in the meeting.
    
3 Aug Meeting 3
NS  :   As the functionalities of the website were not entirely clear, the team decided to work on the frontend of the website.
        To start working on static pages like About Us, Contact Us, Home Page, FAQS etc.
        The scrum master assigned webpages to two members of the team.
RT  :   Created a google drawing form where he listed the pages to start working on
[others gave their opinions which helped in shortlisting the topics]

9 Aug Meeting 4
NS  :   Enquired the status about the task that was alloted to each pair, simultaneouly giving his pairs.
RV  :   


27 Sept Meeting 15
RT  :   Displayed the progress of the website.
NS  :   The logo of the website was reconsidered. Asked Srushti to make another logo.
KP  :   Suggested to change the design of the home page. After a few    



Test cases of our site:

Sell     ->     user           admin
                Yes             No
                No              Yes


Donate ->userResponse, adminResponse 
        Yes             No
        No              Yes


Test Case 1:
        User wants to sell their product.
        Admin approves the product, sets exchange price.
        User agrees and finally sells.

Test Case 2:
        User wants to sell their product.
        Admin Approves the product, sets exchange price.
        Users rejects to sell product at that price

Test Case 3:
        User wants to sell their product.
        Admin rejects the product, as the product may not hold any monetery value.

Test Case 4:
        User wants to donate their product.
        Admin approves for accepting the product.

Test Case 5:
        User wants to donate the product.
        Admin rejects to accept the product.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

        WHAT NEEDS TO BE DONE 

1. Add donate option after the admin reject to accept the product that the user has put up for sale. #3
2. Email-> to reset password && also send message of the receipt, PDF-> display receipt  @independent
3. Order the products desc by date DONE
4. Option to add more than 1 img but less than <=3 #1 ** DONE BUT CAROUSEL NOT WORKING PROPERLY DONE
5. Address if set then don't display the textarea. An option on the dashboard for the user to change their details. #2


** MOST IMPORTANTLY -> replicate the current functionality to all the products.
SIDE NOTE - on contact us : if the user is logged in do not show address, name, email, phone feilds @


INDEPENDENT TASKS
Email ->reset password, receipt(confirmation acknowledgment), 
PDF -> receipt content Coding + designing , 
Contact us table (for logged in user) -> session variable + table 


